# OutGetn

In the Outgen folder you will find:

- backend: it's the library and it should work as it is.

- frontend: the scripts using the backend and it is likely that you
might need to modify some of the stuff.

## Dependencies:

- CBMC

- gcov

- Z3 in python3 (packages z3 and z3-tools).

- Install pickle in python3

- Install deap in python3.

- Install pycparser, zss, deepcopy (copy), numpy, pandas,

- Maybe packages: six.moves, cffi, configparser, collections, parser,
pdb, hashlib

## How to use it:

There are 2 examples in the Frontend:

- OutGen.bash: OutGen algorithm

- XORSample.bash: XORSample algorithm

Examples of running:

export DFT_HOME=/path/to/DFT/folder
export EURI_HOME=/path/to/DFT/folder

export DFT_HOME=/home/menendez/data/infotestsoft/OutGen
export EURI_HOME=/home/menendez/data/infotestsoft/OutGen

bash program.bash input_c_file function_name directory_for_results
number_of_inputs

bash OutGen.bash 9-A-17766602.c main examples/ 10

This will create a directory for the program 9-A-17766602.c and inside
you will find these types of files:

- The preprocessed program *.pre.c.pre.c

- The instrumented version of the program that you pass to cbmc *.cbmc.c

- The ori is a version the equivalent version to the cbmc one but
without the instrumentation: *.ori.c

- The inputs *.c.inputs (you can read them using pickle, see below)

- The constraints generated by CBMC (*z3) and their clean version for
DFT (*clean.z3).

- The finalTest*.c is the executable of the test.

- The count.* gives you information about how many times you have
reached the program point.

- The coverage* gives you information about coverage extracted with
gcov. The related files of coverage are: gcov, gcda, gcno
